1 Wear your clothes inside out for the rest of the game or drink.
1 Hold two ice cubes in your mouth until they melt or drink
1 Proclaim your everlasting love for your partner on your social media or drink.
1 Pretend to propose to your partner or drink.
1 Lick whipped cream off of your partner’s belly button or drink.
1 Name one think you dislike about your partner
1 Describe what you love about your partner
1 Kiss a physical feature that you really really like on your partner
1 Remove one piece of clothing or drink.
1 Drink if you made the first move
1 Suck your partner's toes or drink
1 Act like your partner or drink
1 Send your partner a dirty text or drink
1 Hit on your partner like you just met or drink
1 Name 5 positive characteristics about your partner or drink
1 Stare into each other's eyes for 2 minutes or drink.
2 Give your partner a lap dance or drink
2 Remove two pieces of clothing or drink.
2 Take a dirty photo of your partner for your eyes only
2 Remove an item of clothing
2 Momma bird your drink into your partner's mouth or drink it yourself
2 Guess your partner's favorite position if you are wrong, drink!
2 Kiss for a minute (can't be more or less than exactly a minute) otherwise drink
2 Describe your first date in detailed pov or drink
2 Take as many drinks as items of clothing you have of your partner's
2 Confess your biggest turn on or drink
2 Describe your least favorite date you had with your partner or drink
2 Confess your celebrity crush or drink
2 Say which country your partner wants to visit next. If you're wrong: drink
2 Drink if you've hated your partner partner's outfit and didn't tell them
2 Say one of your controversial opinions or drink
2 Drink if you've ever gotten jealous in the relationship.
2 Describe something that might make you feel like the relationship is moving too fast or drink
2 Describe one time that you felt like the relationship wasn't progressing how you wanted it to or drink
3 Close your eyes and lick whatever body part your partner puts in front of you
3 Switch underwear for 3 rounds  (each person goes 3 times before switching back)
3 Suck on your partners nipples 
3 Remove two pieces of your partner’s clothing using only your mouth or drink.
3 Name one person your partner might have the right to be worried about or drink
3 Take as many drinks as items of clothing you have on
3 Take off one item of your partner's clothing with your teeth or drink
3 Do you think your relationship is in the honeymoon phase? If not drink
3 Pin your partner against a wall and make out or drink
3 Name one red flag you see in your partner or drink
3 Name a green flag you saw early on that your partner may not know about or drink
3 Say one gross thing that you do in secret or drink
3 Last pornhub search? or drink
3 Whisper something sexually charged into your partner's ear in a weird accent or drink
3 Imitate your partner moaning or drink
3 Drink if you masturbated most recently out of both of you.
3 Describe something that might make you rethink the relationship or drink
